## R045
The possible values of &lt;Trader Identification&gt; are described in the following table:    
   
IF Destination Type Code==1 - Destination - Tax warehouse    
THEN    
TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt; Excise number (1)    
TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification -&gt; Tax Warehouse Reference (Excise Number) (5)    
   
IF Destination Type Code==2 - Destination - Registered consignee    
THEN    
TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt; Excise number (2)    
TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification -&gt; Any identification (*)   
   
IF Destination Type Code==3 - Destination - Temporary registered consignee    
THEN    
TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt;Temporary authorisation reference (4)    
TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification -&gt;Any identification (*)    
   
IF Destination Type Code==4 - Destination - Direct delivery    
THEN    
TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt; Excise number (3)    
TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification -&gt; (Does not apply)    
   
IF Destination Type Code==5 - Destination - Exempted consignee    
THEN    
TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt; (Does not apply)    
TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification -&gt; Any identification (*)    
   
IF Destination Type Code==6 - Destination - Export    
THEN    
TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt; VAT number (optional)    
TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification -&gt; (The data group &lt;TRADER Place of Delivery&gt; does not exist)    
     
IF Destination Type Code==9 - Destination - Certified Consignee    
THEN    
TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt; Excise Number (6)    
TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification -&gt; Any identification (*)    
     
IF Destination Type Code==10 - Destination - Temporary Certified Consignee    
THEN    
TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt; Temporary Authorisation Reference (7)    
TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification -&gt; Any identification (*)   
   
IF Destination Type Code==11 - Destination-Return to the place of dispatch of the consignor, for a Duty Paid B2B movement  
THEN  
New TRADER CONSIGNEE. Trader Identification -&gt; Excise Number (8) or Temporary Authorisation Reference (9)  
   
(1) The operator type of the consignee is "Authorised warehouse keeper". An existing identifier &lt;Trader Excise Number&gt; in the set of &lt;TRADER AUTHORISATION&gt;;    
(2) The operator type of the consignee is "Registered consignee". An existing identifier &lt;Trader Excise Number&gt; in the set of &lt;TRADER AUTHORISATION&gt;;    
   
(3) The operator type of the consignee is either "Authorised warehouse keeper" or "Registered consignee" An existing identifier &lt;Trader Excise Number&gt; in the set of &lt;TRADER AUTHORISATION&gt;;    
(4) An existing &lt;Temporary Authorisation Reference&gt; in the set of &lt;TEMPORARY AUTHORISATION&gt; with Operator Type Code "Temporary Registered Consignee";    
(5) An existing identifier &lt;Tax Warehouse Reference&gt; in the set of &lt;TAX WAREHOUSE&gt;;    
(6) The operator type of the consignee is "Certified consignee". An existing identifier &lt;Trader Excise Number&gt; in the set of &lt;TRADER AUTHORISATION&gt;;    
(7) An existing &lt;Temporary Authorisation Reference&gt; in the set of &lt;TEMPORARY AUTHORISATION&gt; with Operator Type Code "Temporary Certified Consignee";    
(8) The operator type of the consignee is "Certified consignor". An existing identifier &lt;Trader Excise Number&gt; in the set of &lt;TRADER AUTHORISATION&gt;;  
(9) An existing &lt;Temporary Authorisation Reference&gt; in the set of &lt;TEMPORARY AUTHORISATION&gt; with Operator Type Code "Temporary Certified Consignor".  
   
(*) For the place of delivery, "Any identification" means: a VAT number or any other identifier; it is optional.    
When the value of the “TRADER CONSIGNEE.Trader Identification” and “TRADER Place of Delivery.Trader Identification” is any of the following: “Excise Number” or “Tax Warehouse Reference” or “Temporary Authorisation Reference”, then the structure of the value should comply with the structure of the “Trader Excise Number/Tax Warehouse Reference”' as defined in rule R070.
